welcome to module one lesson 10 add and
extension review this is the fifth step
of the apart Google ads audit checklist
let's open up our audit checklist and
get back into it all right so we
finished mapping out and reviewing our
keywords now let's talk to the ADD and
extension review part so first things
first is are your keywords in your ad
copy so basic uh but you want to make
sure you're doing it so go into your ad
section and look over your ads and make
sure you actually have the keywords in
your ad group in your ad copy so going
back here if we look look at our ad
relevance I can know I can already tell
just based on the ad relevance cuz this
is average we may or may not have this
these keywords in our ad copy and
there's an opportunity to add them in
and that way we can bump the ad
relevance here and increase the quality
score so just go to your add section and
then just take a look and see are your
keywords in your ad copy so just using
this Zoho example I search serum
software I can see serum software is in
the ad amazing and then they're taking
me to a landing page that hey guess what
about CRM software if I actually do crlf
and I search CRM software I can see it's
listed here on the page and it doesn't
have to be like exactly one for one on
the landing page where you must put
serum software but um H you know you can
be similar around it like serum software
like Google can understand the context
of the page but I do recommend at least
once having an entrance of the actual
term on there so that is that I'm going
to go ahead and Mark this
complete next up is are you title casing
the beginning of each letter in your ad
so you want to make sure you're using
title casing you can do a test for
yourself I have some friends that tell
me that sentence casing works better for
them but uh generally in my experience
title casing works better on paid search
so I recommend that you do that so title
casing again is when you're capitalizing
the letter of each important word in the
sentence so I highly recommend you do it
let's just take a look here at the Zoho
example you can see here o is
capitalized C is capitalized
t uh you know this is title casing right
versus actually all of these advertisers
are title casing in this example which
is great so you want to make sure you
are title casing as well it just makes
the ad more prominent so um I'm going to
goad and Mark this complete and I'm
using the Zoho example here because I
have to be uh sensitive like privacy and
stuff with this like potential client
and and stuff like that so uh but the
same is true for you you just go through
in your your ad section do you have
minimum two ads per ad group so simp
super simple just go to your ad section
do you have minimum two ads per ad group
ideally you're consistently testing we
want to be testing ads consistently
because if you're not testing ads
consistently and you're not mindful of
your click-through rate your expected
clickthrough rate is one of your
components of quality score so you can
see here uh expect a clickthrough rate
in the case of this account below
average expected click the rate is very
prominent and in my experience managing
and auditing Google ad accounts this is
the number one thing that hurts more
quality scores than anything and this is
the one that's least in your control
because it's Google's perception of
often your ad will get clicked so the
way you can help move this in your favor
is by consistently testing ads and by
consistently testing ads you will drive
a better click-through rate and by
driving a better click-through rate
you'll ultimately uh result in a better
expected clickthrough rate as well so
let's go ahead and uh Mark that complete
all right uh next are you speaking one
to one communicating benefits answering
objectives and uh providing a call to
action so in your copy are you speaking
Ono one you're not using corporate speak
you know where uh you're talking to an
auditorium versus an individual person
are you communicating benefits in that
H2 right to differentiate yourself from
other positions on the serp are you
answering objections if there are
objections that you can answer on your
copy or are you providing a call to
action that moves people it motivates
them so just coming back here to this
example I can see a very clear benefit
close more deals in less time and then
the position one does a great job of
mapping them and mirroring the search
intent right so I search serum software
I read the first H1 I automatically
understand the relevance I look at the
H2 I understand the benefit so that's an
example of a great job so let's go ahead
and Mark that complete
compl and then moving on are you using
all the characters available in your
headline description and path uh Fields
you don't have to use every single one
but I recommend you use as many as you
can ideally you maximize every single
character you get 30 characters for the
headlines and 90 characters for the
descriptions it's not a lot to deal with
so I recommend you use as much as you
can and try to give as much information
as you can to the
Searcher okay moving on are using any uh
are using as many ad extensions as
possible especially the core ones so you
can just go to the asset section of your
account and uh make sure that you're
using ad extensions as much as possible
so if you're not this is a massive
opportunity to improve your expected
click through it site links image
extensions business name business logo
those four are the core non-negotiable
extensions in my opinion uh in addition
to that you should use as many of these
other ones as possible to append more
information to your ads it makes it
larger we'll get it more likely to be
clicked better clickthrough rates better
quality scores lower cost Happy Days
right so you want to make sure you're
doing that okay are you consistently
testing new copy ad types and modifiers
so are you consistently if you're not
you know this because you'll see the
clickthrough rate going down uh you know
week over week month over month so just
you want to make sure you're looking at
the change history and you're seeing are
they consistently testing new things if
they're not then it's probably going to
have a below average expect to click the
rate also modifiers you can use Dynamic
keyword insertion in your ad copy so are
they testing different variations with
Dynamic Cur insertion versus not so
that's something to be mindful
of and then the last step here is are
you setting Searchers to relevant
landing pages this is the most important
thing in my opinion so if I'm going back
to this example I search serum software
I see an ad about serum software the
page should say serum software right it
sounds so basic trivial but the amount
of people that miss this is dramatic so
make sure you have that strong message
match so we're going to go and Mark that
complete and that's it for this step so
just go ahead and make sure you review
your ads and extensions and you're
following these best practices and
you're making notes of where you could
optimize and
improve your action item for this lesson
is to review your ads and extensions and
Mark each completed step within the
checklist template I hope you received a
ton of value so far please share ad
conversion with your friends or
colleagues or leave us a testimonial we
appreciate your help spreading the word
see you in the next one